Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Nerdmelt Theater.
This is Harmontown.
Please welcome your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Good to be back at our headquarters.
We've been abroad a lot, unpredictable schedules.
I never know when we're here, when we're not.
Who's Comptroller? Who is? Who's not?
Whoever's just hanging out at your house.
Guess Comptroller, Dave Horowitz, everybody.
Hi, guys.
I have a couple of things I can talk about,
but I do think that we should be prepared for a terrible show.
No, no.
I feel laconic. I feel neutral.
The pressures of nuptials, nuptial pressure?
Impending nuptials, yes.
Impending nuptials?
The pressure of impending nuptials?
The pressure of impending nuptials, yeah.
You compensate for them with a kind of dead calm, like you...
Because you don't want to be one of these people that's nervous about getting married,
because that would be dumb.
You'd be in a certs commercial or a Mentos commercial.
Looking for a quick fix because you blew a cufflink and then you put a Mentos on it.
Who cares? I'm cool. I live in LA.
Joel McCale's going to be at my wedding.
I'm not going to fucking put some pressure on it.
The guy from the soup's going to be there.
He's going to smell fear like a dog.
He'll get up and start heckling me.
He'll call me a Kardashian.
I've got to be cool, but nothing to do with that.
It's obviously also the beginning of the second half.
The second and probably last half of my life.
You only get two.
When it comes to halves, you're guaranteed a maximum of two.
Starting the second half of your life, there is a subtle realization there that you are now officially dying.
Absolutely more so than being born.
You are now more dying.
Because your next tasks include, for instance, helping someone else get born,
and handing the reins off to him before your third heart attack proves
to be irreconcilable, as the doctors might say in some strange universe where doctors are extra coy.
It's a truly romantic way to think about marriage.
Replication.
Replication, like the humble mosquito who lives its life,
and then at the end of its full mosquito life, which I think probably spans a day,
we're always like, what are you doing? Who flies in a face like that?
And the mosquito is like, this is it!
And we're just like, unbelievable, will you knock it off?
This is all I have!
It's comforting to think of things in those terms.
This is it. I am about to lay eggs in a puddle outside your mailbox in some swampy land
where hopefully a giant frog tongue won't rake across my deposits, rendering them pointless.
What's your frog tongue?
It's Chevy Chase.
Oh no! Does he know about the wedding?
He'll be back.
No, I just thought that was a comedy brain thing.
What should I say there? What is my frog tongue?
My frog tongue is spiders. Motherfucker!
Okay, so Erin came home and there's a black widow with a web on the stairs.
She's taken pictures of it. She's like, oh, there's a black widow.
She's got a blackated lower glass on its back. It was eating a caterpillar in the fucking thing
because everything about them has to be so modeling and extreme.
It couldn't just be eating a fly, it's eating a fucking beetle-butter fly.
I don't know why that's that's that's that's hoy-polloy shit. I'm only the fat of an unbaptized caterpillar
Will quench this black widow's thirst
Yeah, it's sitting there. It's you know, do you just like watching it wriggle and it's a black widow and you know if they bite you
You know probably won't kill you, but if you're a small child or a lamb a
A baby lamb
It'll take you out and when's the last time you went to work
On enough toxins to take out a baby lamb
That's gonna fuck up my shooting schedule
Which is which is a professional form of death black widows are dangerous. They're not brown look recluses, but they're dangerous
I got off on a that was I don't know if you remember what with the point. Oh, that's my frogs tongue spiders, okay?
Okay, so
I was in the middle of something. What was it? Oh, I'm dying because I'm getting married
So I my body knows that but my mind so my mind therefore puts this like I
Have no choice over it. My mind is just going like hey, man. What's good? Like I have to affect this like weird McConaughey draw
I don't care about anything
Just get married man
Because otherwise I'll panic and I'll like like I'll achieve my final form
But you're gonna be feeling it up there the emotional flood will be too much for your steel you McConaughey reserve like it's gonna
I don't plan on spending the ceremony itself
Withholding anything I will give it my all but but I
I've it's it's a it's a it's a week of it's a week of nerves for the nerve full
So one one mitigates one's nerves, all right, I'm definitely gonna cry not right now
But when it happens
My mic right now
You want to cry right now?
Yeah, do you want to just say something sad to me? Yeah, just you do you know me a little like maybe like get really in there in my
Insecurities and I'll see what happens
Do you know that?
When they cleared the debris at Waco
They found the skeletons of
Preteen children who died in the arms of their parents
But they hadn't burnt to death because they could tell because the skeletons were bent backwards
Which is a sign of cyanide poisoning?
They had they had they had died in terrible pain and that broke their own backs like
He's laughing I made him
Actually, I was like this isn't gonna work and then it was like it got to rose to real I felt too many things in 30 seconds
Fuck you man
That's not cool
Okay, I'll talk here. I'll make you cry. Let's I'll tell you something. I'll make you cry. Okay. Go ahead
Did you know that when you mute someone on Twitter?
If they tweet at you, you'll still see it
It really doesn't matter
The only people you can mute are just people who just spout nonsense into the dry air like that person
Yes, we all have one of they really you really see it if they tweeted you even if you isn't that true, right?
No, I
Know
So there's so there's like 50 people right now tweeting me all the time going like hello, I
Addressed that joke to you like that. I'm just ignoring them. Okay. That's cool. All right. Well good. That's the way it should work
Why even why even block anybody anymore then right? I mean I I I did a large unfollow
Recently, I mean I don't have quite the
Nobody cared that I did it, but I was like I can't I
Muted a few people and it didn't it didn't give me the same rush as just going
You're out
The fuck out of my not real life
You know about you know about our podcast producer Dustin Marshall's
thing, right I
Mean I he's got a lot of things. Yeah
He I feel like I my my instinct is to whisper this
He'll hear you no matter what I feel like I'm somehow like it's less harsh
Like I feel like I'm embarrassing him less because I'm like keeping my voice down
It might yeah, he's got headphones off. Yeah. Yeah, but I you know that he
He keep he he keeps his
Followers number like the people that he's following is
666 and he yeah, so he can't start or stop following someone without replacing them so he can keep the number
Yeah at 666
Yeah
Wait, I mean no matter what's going on with you. It could always be worse
Is it better or worse that I do the same thing but with 420? I
Think it makes me like way more chill
But I could be wrong I
I'm it's a rhetorical question, right? Yeah, no one's chiller than me
Hey, did you know you could fit every planet in the solar system between the earth and the moon
Spencer just told me that it's true. I don't why did I say it's true like I'm the judge. It's true. I
Just found out did you know you can fit all of Boston in Brooklyn? Oh
That's true
That's what someone told me when I told them I was from Boston and they they were from New York
And they were like you don't live in a real city and I was like prove it like your whole
City could fit in my burrow. I was like cool Spike Lee
Like I was saying they were like spike. It wasn't actually Spike Lee
I heard a guy rapping once about how each of his fingers was a burrow and
And so when he makes a fist he's got the whole he's got all of New York in the palm of his hand
And I think it was Lloyd. What's his name? Lloyd Benson?
Lloyd Benz? Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber? Lloyd Benz?
Yeah, he said he goes. Yeah, the trigger finger is Staten Island and the middle finger is Queens and the I used to sling rock and
Manhattan so you know the pinkies what I mean
Ring finger is the Bronx because I hope that to meet the love of my life there one day
If my if my current career trajectory takes me where they hope to go
But I digress and the and the thumb is
Is Radio City Music Hall? I don't remember all the burrows
And then and then I think that that's kind of cool
There's there's there's no way that the real song is better than that
That was the best
And also I did like how you said I heard a guy rapping once like you walked past him on the street
And then you're like it was Lloyd Benz. Well, it was part of that part of that Buster Rhyme song that he did like 40
40,000 remixes of
Don't touch me touch touch touch it touch
Don't do touch touch it touch it stop it form form it make it go it do it in your
Put it in your plate and put it on a bowl and
Test your hands are bigger bigger and it's bigger stronger lift out those weights
And then he has like celebrity friends come in and go yo yo missy
Oh, best time Missy Elliott
And such as don't make it wow gonna make it sell you see go see
Take it to your max
Lloyd Banks yo
Middle fingers with a ring finger is the Brock's cuz you know what I say
I got the pinky and the queens in the usual way put them all together
They got a fist and a punch the whole city even though I love it
Yo yo yo yo remix
It won a Grammy yeah, yeah, I don't know why you guys are staring at me like
What other songs don't you know?
I can touch it remix touch it my phone is the subway
He did one that was just all the queens of the game
There's a little doff of the cap to the Ferris sex. He had
Mary Blige
Yeah, Buster eyes is like yeah, I'm back. Oh remix pot eight. Oh
2007 ah
Me oh, I'm coming at you the Queens of the game
And then like he he had like go go go Mary J. And I was like oh, it's Mary J. Blige
And then but then in the video for it. They like switches back and forth. It doesn't
This Mary J. Blige have like a have like an alter ego. No, she's like a very soulful lady
I know that's kind of her thing. I feel like Mary J. Blige like you remember
You know how Garth Brooks had like this angel angel man, whatever. Yeah, Chris Gaines Chris Gaines brooding
Bangs, I feel like Mary J. Blige had like a had like a bad guy persona. That was like blik blik blik blik blik
Mary or something. It was like it was like Mitchell Plick or something. It was like backwards
And that that she could she could say like like like less soulful things
I thought I thought that was depicted in the video to like she was I
Could be mixing a bunch of stuff up
But check it out kids
I don't want to look for this song now. I mean, there's nine. I'd literally nine remixes of it
I mean if I look if I just do touch it in Google, I'm not gonna find it
Tuck it, lick it, put it, stick it, put it, poop it in your booty
Yeah
It's pretty cool. It's a cool song. It was at least nominated for a VMA in 2006. I know that for sure
I'll just go into my Excel spreadsheet of 2006 VMA nominees that I keep in in Google Drive that you and I share
So you should just be able to have it right now
So Aaron was making fun of me playing Minecraft
I play a lot of Minecraft and then Aaron makes fun like she looks over at the laptop and then she asks me
Questions about Minecraft that are designed not to not for her to start
Like it enjoying the game like it's not she acts like it's like her like becoming interested in Minecraft
But it's just to shame me and mock me for playing Minecraft
So she asked me last night. She said did you she just there's just a barrage of them
Like I'm just I'll be cutting down a tree and she goes like are you did you get your?
Did you remember your backpack?
I just like try to ignore her and go like
Oh, there's no backpacks. I'm cutting down a tree. Oh, yeah, did you do you need to
Do you need scorpion poison? No, there's nothing and then she and then she said
Did you do you have all of your scent gems?
And then she started laughing so hard she almost died
In bed. She couldn't breathe because she was so entertained
Yeah, by her riff sent gems
Sorry wrote down sent gems
Those are really some of the best laps you can have when it doesn't matter even what the other person's enjoyment level is
But when you say something that tickles you to your yeah deeply to your core
Yeah, you can just ride that out for an hour
I would I would I would take that version to Aaron and all the all the time like that's my fit like what she she makes
Her self laugh and then she goes
Oh
She can't take it anymore
Like it usually has to be you know
Victimizing someone else in order for her to find it really that funny
She must have just really made a lot of fun of me to be laughing so hard that her epiglottis is like revolting
But I do like the sound it's the sound of true joy
You can yeah, if you could bottle it
The question would be gone, man, or if I could just live live with it by virtue of legal vows for the next 40 to 55
Polite clapping for impending nuptials impending nuptials
All right, so I want to bring Spencer crittenden up here
Unceremoniously Spencer crittenden come out Spencer. Oh
What's what's up, it's good to be back. Thank you
This is our first show back since terminating the tour right
Uh, yeah, I think we were back here for it. Well, the Joe McDonald's during the tour
Okay, well that the definition of tour I don't get because we you know
I'd be working every day and then I'd have to get on a red eye and go to hey me too
I was doing those same things
I know but I don't know when you call it a tour then because it's like it's not really a tour
It's if you go to the post office. It's not a tour
Because you're coming go leaving I would never consider that a tour. No
No, it's more of a trip
Uh, Spencer, do you like Busta Rhymes? Yeah, that was so great. It was it was
I don't think Busta would be happy with that, but I was I was quite tickled
He wouldn't disagree that he says his own name at least 12 times the song he does
It's in his record contract
Wait, Dan, is this the song?
Don't touch me throw the water on him. It's touch it remix. It can't be that hard to find it was it was
quite a popular song among the hips and the hops
If it was touch it there's been remixes by everyone who's existed so it might be actually a bit hard to hone in on
You know you talked about that spider. What was the end of that spider story when we last left?
It's still existed in your house. What the fuck? Well, Aaron, it's not
It was out by the mailbox. Okay, still every time you're walking up those dark stairs to my mansion. Yeah
Yeah, now there's a new reason you could die other than just you'll fall and it's like
Cut yourself open on these sharpened
Dreamwork stairs. I always think about that those dreamwork stair impalements
Um
Now if you now you might fall down to the last thing you'll see as a spider going like oh my god
It's the biggest caterpillar ever
Um, you don't want to kill it or anything Aaron takes care of that stuff. She's
She has a video of the spider and a video of her killing it
Um, oh, she killed it. So then I came home. She killed it. Okay enclosure. Thank you. That's all I needed here
So I came home and I do a sweep with the flashlight now. I'm on the lookout for black widow. Sure
and uh
You know and I find eight nine ten of them. Uh, like like like everywhere. Well because I don't know what they look like
Oh, oh, and so I'm
All spiders are now black widows and I'm like I because I'm not gonna look for the hourglass and some of them are small
And I'm like, there's black widows everywhere
We should call a service of some kind and then Aaron was like those aren't black widows. That's not a release
It's not a story. I like it though. I just am glad that they she killed it
I mean, I don't hate spiders, but I when it's a black widow. I mean, that's jeez
You don't want to you don't want to tangle with that sort of thing
Here's the weird thing about Aaron or not weird at all really if you know her personality like when there's a spider on the wall
in the root in the house
Um, like I I just go like, okay. I'll if I have to I'll just I'll find something and I'll kill it
I'm superstitious about it for some dumb reason. Um, that's a classic superstition. I know it's so stupid. But but
Like before I'll do that Aaron. I'll be like, I'll take care of it. But Aaron will just like she I don't
So there's some people who are like really good with spiders
And then there's some people who are terrified of them. Aaron just I always she just
If I describe her behavior to you like like you wouldn't know which one she was because she just she'll take like a coat hanger and just poke at it
Like and then although like like I don't even know what she's trying to do
Just agitate it and I'll go like why what are you trying to do?
No, just and then she's like poking it and then the spider like fall
Under the floor and then she'll go
Ah
What are you doing?
I don't I don't what was the attempt like she wanted it to crawl onto the coat hanger and she was gonna be like, uh
gentle gentle bend or what what's a
Gentle bend or what's a uh, uh, it's gentle bend. Yeah, we all know. No, who is uh, Dan Haggerty played him and gentle bend
No, no, no grizzly grizzly Adams grizzly Adams
I like gentle bend. I think who's gentle is gentle bend was the name of the bear in grizzly Adams. I think
I thought he just called him Ben
Grizzly Adams was a show in the 70s
This is this is how little you could take your business elsewhere a network tv
I grizzly Adams was just a guy that lived in the woods and that is it
He he wasn't wanted for a murder. He hadn't committed. He wasn't a counterfeiter. He wasn't he couldn't turn into a snake
he
His parents weren't vampires. He didn't he didn't go on dates
He sat in a fucking cabin
And he had a beard and he hung out and it was like I guess the other two networks had news on or something
Did they make a lot of episodes? Yeah, I think it was on all the time. Like I'm it's it's burnt into my memory
And he had obviously friends who also lived in the woods. There was a guy that was like a prospector
Sure
Who had a mule and he would walk around up on the hills and he was like very cranky
and then so then grizzly Adams was like a kind of cool like
Nights in white satin kind of shirt
But he would cut cut his own wood and he had a big beard and long hair and he would he would just go like
Hey, cranky cranky tom, whatever the guy's name was
Don't be so mean like like he just he just lived in the woods and it sounds like a children's show the way I'm describing it
It sounds like they would like play on a loop in a museum or something
Yeah, it sounds like something that will inevitably teach you about weights and measures or something
Yeah, it's some Canadian you stick around long enough. There's like a teaching moment about splitting wood and angles and stuff
All right, so I want to address some concerns about my dog. Oh
um, so, uh
I don't and I don't know how much of this I have explained at the show yet, but I know like like the uh, the new tv's
The dogs can see them
They're watching what we watch now
There are eyes and our eyes are seeing the same thing because the tv's are different now
I'm telling you
you're right
And uh harvey if there's ever a uh dog or a squirrel or a cat or and he'll react to each one
differently or a deer, but like not a
Cockroach like like he won't he she differentiates it if it's like a cartoon cat. Yeah, it's crazy
Well, that was the new thing was that then we were they were watching the simpsons and santa's little helper came on
Cartoon dog harvey starts going nuts
He's recognizing a cartoon dog. That's the next step is he could read the word dog. Yeah
That's a it's a symbol for a dog. It's not it doesn't even how could it have any
Any it doesn't make any sense and we tested it like he doesn't he looks at the cartoon of the dog
And he starts going crazy. Yeah, we were I think he was watching or
He was watching with the like the rainbow bright cartoon movie was on and there's like a scene with like a kid in the snow
And he's got a dog and harvey just started going nuts and I was watching him and I couldn't believe it, but also
He freaks out when he sees himself if you like show him a picture
Well, that's what erin did and I was by the time I caught erin doing it
It was too late because it erin erin videotaped with her phone
Harvey put it airplayed it out of the tv. So harvey starts going apeshit. Yeah
And that's so so so erin because she's insane she she videotaped harvey doing that
Yeah, and then air plays that yeah, and then it's a video of the dog like
And a dog and the real life dog goes like
So then she does it again
Yeah, and she's and I and she showed it to me and I was like stop that
You're making him sentient. Yeah
I saw like the fifth generation of it where it was like a crazy like
Like where you shine a tv at a tv and there was just like a dog watching a dog
He's like
Like like the next thing would be like he would go
And I don't know why that would be a goal
She just thought it was funny it was disturbing
He I mean because I think as fun as it seems hypothetically like no
We wouldn't like it if he could if he was sent
Like if he could speak he wouldn't be happy about a situation. No, he would not he would be like what the fuck are you guys doing to me?
Why what did you do to me? Where are my testicles? I mean, I I've written about this
The uh, yeah, I mean that was
Yeah, that that episode of rick and morty was based on Justin's love of his little multises. I didn't have a dog at that time, but uh
Yeah, it's very disturbing the dog
He he he understands shit like he and he like
I he's like I come home and he doesn't even I started to get mad that he
Like he just sits at the top of the stairs and like I come home and he doesn't even like he doesn't come down to the door
And he like he like lifts his head up and then he wags his tail like like while he's laying down
And I just feel kind of like and then I get to the top of the stairs and he rolls over so I get scratch his belly and I'm like
I
I I work for him like
And so I was like it'd be nice if he I mean when the pizza guy comes over he goes down to the door
And Aaron says because he's get pizza and I'm like, well that's what Aaron says here
I'll put a bag of treats in the potted plant outside the door
when you come home from work
Take a treat and then you know give him a treat every time you come in
And then he'll and then he'll you'll get the pizza guy treatment if that's what you want so bad
And uh, but you know, it's like the first the first time we tried it. I come in and he's like
I think he could hear the bag
And then I got the treat
And so then the second night I come home. I open the door and he goes straight to the potted plant
He's like, oh, he said he's yeah, every time he comes home. He there's that bag in the plant
He's way too smart
There's there have been times and like, you know, so I'm a
I I've never had a pet in my whole life
And that's too long because I'm like a gross dog person like not gross but like I'm I love dogs the most
and I've
I think Harvey's my friend so
we have like a
We're friends, but every there are times when I will look at him
And I will think that there's a man in a dog suit because he's his eyes are too expressive
He has those weird those whites of his eyes. So is there any ways and it's back and opens the bow?
Yeah
It just looks like a dude like you expect me to be like, hey
Like if you're rubbing his belly, he's like
Hey, man a little if you said like a little to the left I would I would freak out but not as much as if another dog
You'd be like, oh, yeah, okay
What?
He sleeps in between me and Aaron like a like an eight-year-old boy
Wait what?
You know
Like before when you got a caught uh, when you got a dog when you hired that eight-year-old boy to sleep with you
He sleeps right in the eight-year-old boy spot on my bed. I had uh, there was uh, there was something else
I felt like there was something else. Oh, can we hey, can we can we tee up at least just so it's at the ready?
Just like a like a like a just a kind of a laid-back rap beat
Oh
Nice nice control because I feel like it's thank you
It's a lazy show and a
And I wanted to try to embrace that and turn it into entertainment
And get myself a little excited because you can you can tell I'm phoning it in
I can't. Oh, no. Yeah
Oh, I have suspicions, but I can't tell
Well, you guys have other stuff to do. I think they can tell they didn't really think that until you said it and now they're like, no
That guy knew who uh, who came here from the farthest tonight
Moscow Moscow, who's the Moscow guy? I don't even know what you said. You could have said I need a kidney help me
Okay, do you want to come up Moscow and just talk to us we won't pick on you
I think
I guess we got that laid-back beat in the wings
Here you could sit there and take this mic. Thank you. What's in the backpack?
It's uh, actually all my life things and I'm from Russia and I'm afraid
It's uh, I can get robbed. Yeah, I mean that's jackpot
Podcast jackpot
There's so many things so many things a stranger can say when they get on stage at a podcast
All of my life savings are in my backpack
Is is you know, that's that says that's right up there with I'm gay black and blind
Uh, uh, uh, what's your name first of all?
Zhenya, but I can you don't want to say
Actually, that was my name. Oh
I didn't I didn't mean it was a
I didn't mean it didn't sound like a name
I I saw hesitance on your face and I thought maybe that you
American analog is something like Eugene. Oh you so is it a Chinese name? Uh,
Not not Eugene the other one
What what is the what's the origin of the of your real name?
It's you you're born in russian. That's your russian name
Actually, I was born in russian, but my grandfather is
From vietnam. I never knew him. So is that a vietnamese name the first one you mentioned? No, no, it's actually it's totally
Russian totally russian. Okay. That's can you say it again because I
Zhenya Zhenya, okay. I you know what? I'm racist because when you said Zhenya
I pictured it spelled with an x and a bunch of like
vowels
The uh, so Eugene is the way it gets kind of uh
you you've got
pushkin version of
yeah
Evgenia negin it's like Eugene
Have you have seen yvgeni before a lot, but never the way that you just pronounced it this for your name
Well, it's like a it's different. It's like a modification though. Are there similar names?
It's a short version. Oh, okay
Have you lived in russia your whole life? Yeah, and this is the first time you've been in the u.s
Yes, so how does it come to be that you're all of your worldly possession? Is it just you travel you travel to the hill?
Well, I can tell a long Russian
short Russian, I guess it all depends on uh, if it involves werewolves or
Or chess
Well
Joe mackerel counts as
Joe
definitely
Well, uh, his hair certainly changes at night
Well, uh, actually I saw Joe mackerel messed up some video show and
Everyone's talked about his oh, he just didn't give them about
That video show and I
Just wanted to
Get to know what this guy. He's okay. He's
This games are just shitty and
He's
Don't like to be here and he made the final guy who wears all jackets in a layer at
I don't know how
So Joe mackerel was on a show that you yeah, basically, uh, Joe mackerel. I looked here google google him
he's uh in
community he's
uh
What's what's community? I
Watch that show and
So you're you're you're a huge fan of Joe mackerel. So you googled community
I
Not when you knew the guy, but he's looked nice and oh
How did you first how did you first come upon Joe mackerel?
Oh
Just watching tv in russia. Uh, no, it's
Say thanks to piracy
Yeah, oh
You don't you downloaded Joe mackerel
Uh, you actually come in through don't have all right, right
What you're saying is the yeah, you're in russia. You bit torrented community
Yeah, or something that Joel was in and then you're like, what the hell is this?
And are you saying that you made a pilgrimage to come see this show because I mean you actually because
of the harm on time because
Uh, in in the end I got into harm on time. I started at the first
Not season episode session
And uh, I listened through all
these series
and
Who's
This is real is that real
That was so flawless
I at this point you could be a highly trained upright citizens brigade
Practical joke
You
I just googled him and uh, there's a guy that plays in seven private ryan's
ju guy
But uh, oh you found the wrong adam gulberg. Yeah, the days
Yeah, uh, is adam here are you here adam?
I
I bet we thought we'd never hear you say those words
Uh adam, do you want to come up and meet this?
This guy's this guy's traveled the globe. I mean not to meet you, but he's just curious about you
I'd hope not. How's it going? This is adam gulberg. How's it going?
I got you a wedding thing for Aaron. It's ace of spies. It's a game fun
What should I get dan for his wedding? Well, I don't know. Are you on the clock?
What's another game?
Shadowrun I'm gonna get dan shadowrun for as well
Thanks for helping me figure that out for my wedding if you get yourself shadowrun and then you we start to play in the new
Year, we'll play shadowrun on the podcast. I feel like it'd just be easier if I got you shadowrun
And then I have to game master. I don't know. I just you know, that's the end of it if I just gave it to you
Thank you adam
Uh, so you came here with all why do you have all your money with you? That's the mystery here, right?
Well, when you leave russia, you don't just leave stuff in russia. They have bank
Banks are capitalists. They just have a big pile of their stuff in the center of the
I'm kidding. I it's not true. They they they converted to capitalism
Our currency is falling down rising up in some other way like
Yeah, even the currency is rising up. Yeah
Well, who's ain't brother
We got to go to that bitcoin business. We got to we got to we got to do some kind of google money now
What if you can mine bitcoins in minecraft?
Did I just make a million dollars?
Spencer you got to go you got to get out of here, man
You got to get out of here right now. I just start running like I have the golden ticket
Out of my way
I watched that bitcoin documentary and still don't understand it
But what I do understand is that it is inevitable. It may not be bitcoin
But obviously we have to go to some kind of peer-to-peer currency, right? Well, haven't I explained this to you dan?
It's a cash register full of math. Yes. Yes
The way I always so simple the way I always heard bitcoin was if I gave you a davin buster's dollar
For every hour you spent idling your car. It's like that. Yes
That's how much that's how much the money is worth and how much electricity it actually costs to make
Well electricity who cares? Yeah, it's
Yeah, well, I think at this point after watching this documentary
I think that any arguments for or against bitcoin are kind of point
It's sort of actually mute the larger conversation
Or realization should be that like mp3 technology
There is really nothing that's going to stop the nations of the world from inevitably if we if we continue to exchange
Any kind of currency it's going to have to become a
Global kind of peer-to-peer currency. There is no it's not because we're anarchists
It's because the governments will not be able to sustain themselves while trying to endorse
Different kinds of currency. They will one by one become incompatible with something that spreads
I bet adam disagrees with that. I would I guess I you know me. Well, um
The thing about having a universal currency. It's a really big staple of sci-fi even in shadow run
but
The ability to issue debt from huge nations to huge nations means that having the yen and having the dollar be different things
Is really really useful. Well, if everything is like future bucks
Then japan can't control their exports and imports or set taxes that say this is valued internally as a currency
And this is worth less as we export it
I I hear you there definitely agree that's that's that I mean in that I don't understand that shit at all
And therefore I definitely readily accept that it's impossible to take but but there's a difference between saying universal
Currency and peer-to-peer currency. What's the difference between a dollar and a bitcoin right now in terms of me being able to send it to you
And you being able to send it to me. Hopefully in a large amount
There's a cash register made of math
A cash register is made of math it takes one and then it turns it into
100 of something else that's dollars and pennies. Yeah, that's a cash register
This is the most thrilling thing we should go back to talking about your dog who is so cute
You
Is it undignified or or embarrassing to admit?
In my position or not that I don't understand anything you guys are talking about
I'd say that's uh, that's a winning statement right there. A lot of people are on your side. I'm not trying. Yeah
I mean if you don't yeah, okay, so a couple of people
Also don't good. That's cool. Do you guys did you guys see interstellar because I didn't
I
That's a that's a movie you could see everywhere. Yeah, no, I don't I don't understand anything
Not only do I not understand bitcoin. I don't understand the actual
American dollar or any kind anything about economics worldwide. Okay, good
The the thing that felt clear to me watching watching this documentary is that technology is going to affect currency as surely as it has affected culture
Uh media of exchange like ideas the way that we shoot things edit things record things
They become peer to peer over time. Uh, they they transcend things as relatively
Vestigial as what country you live in over time. It just and it just seems like a safe enough bet
I don't know but there's nothing there's no risk at that bet because it's either 50 years or 500 years or five years from now
And I don't know which it is but but we are we are tending toward we are gonna end up
Not like going. Oh, here's a picture of the queen on a piece of paper
We're gonna we're going to be sending each other blip blops
And they're gonna be called one thing because
I mean, I don't know I still think there's a skill difference because channel 101 is the best this year
As it's ever been in terms of cinematography in terms of quality in terms of people turning out half-hour long finales to some of their series
Like but there's still a difference between an episode of community and the finale of fish bulbs are definitely my thing
Which you should all watch because fish bowls is definitely my thing is fucking amazing and it tells you how the movie seven ends
Whoa, all right
Sorry everybody you get to meet Adam Goldberg
I did it that was Adam Goldberg. What did you think?
Great guy, but he's not in
The movie he's not it's a very bright
He's in the movie for like a frame. There is a shot of Adam Goldberg in the in the in the movie
Yeah, he's reacting to something. Have you also seen have you seen days and confused because that same actor is in
Have you seen Richard Linklater's days of confused?
actually, no
Is that guy Adam Goldberg is like
He's like pacing around in the woods and he's like
Dominate male monkey motherfucker and he's like pups his chest up. He's wearing an army jacket. Anyway, you should check it out
It's the same guy and he's got a new sitcom on
ABC is that the goldbergs can I okay?
So the print adds a different Adam Goldberg the print ads of that show meet the goldbergs like they in some of them
They tried to do this thing where oh, it's a bad picture. We're bad at taking pictures
My eyes are closed during the picture
But in some of the shots they don't understand how eyelids work and the lower eyelid goes up way too far
And it looks hideous like they're reptile people
And it's like how do you couldn't just you ask the people to close their eyes for the photo you had to photoshop these
Disgusting eyelids. I'm sorry
You you clearly haven't seen the show because it's about a family of reptile people
so
Like oh my inner eyelids stuck again before the big dance
My tail fell off is it gonna regrow?
Before photo picture day. That was the finale last season. It was really good the photo picture day episode photo picture
All right, uh, new zealand guy. Where's the new zealand guy?
Uh, you want to come up here for a second?
What's your name matthew what brings you from new zealand? Um a lot bunch of tv stuff actually
um, I kind of went to
a table reads a family guy in the simpsons
And spent a day on the set of a couple of tv shows what for?
Because I like them wait you you just you just there you just there as a fan
Yeah, they let you in
They just let you come in and
I actually did the same thing on community last year. Oh, yeah. Yeah
Um, I want to charity auction to um attend some of these things. Oh
So
Spent the money and so you you're kind of loaded you're down there in
Chiwi town and you're
You got some you get you're sitting on some uh, some some koalas
As as we call them
A universal unit of currency in New Zealand koala. Yeah, soon to be equal big koala
And you and you're like, oh, I could give this money
It'll go to charity and I can I can uh get get get close to my favorite
Shows that's nice. How was your visit to community? It was really really cool. Um
I uh, actually got it on a scene on season five. Oh, that's right. I think I've talked to you before right briefly at the ship
Yeah, all right. Now. It's all coming back more or less. You want to come to my wedding?
Uh, no Aaron'll yell at me. I keep doing that
I keep I keep just going. Hey, you're gonna come away
There's a scenic chart. I can't do that
Um, so what's better Russia or New Zealand? I mean is it
Are you guys proud of your countries? Do you have patriotism where you come from?
We're pretty slack about it. Um, we are compared to Californians and Australians are compared to Texans Texans
The terms they're very Aussie Aussie Aussie
I don't know
We live there. Yeah, it's about it
Yeah, I actually can call myself
Patrick but
Um
Kings made some stupid decisions over the time. Yeah, you guys don't still have kings though. We know that
Well, I mean how many terms has Putin been serving lately it's it's kind of like that right fella
He's trying to be king. Are you allowed to say will he beat you up if he's he will
Then I'll post news articles about it
I don't know. He's got my
In in in in Russian does the does the word Putin says, uh
Putin's uh
Because it's kind of uh, you know, you know what it is over here. He's like he's he's farting
He's just Putin
What are you doing over there, vladimir? I'm Putin
Um, you like that is that is that uh, is that funny in Russia?
Uh, because it's not here
I'm hoping to get into the export business
I guess I'll never know
After this show
Oh
No, I judge it
Um, I I have russia. I still have russia questions. Okay, so every like, uh, um
The uh, the uh
The alcoholism
Yeah, that's uh, but of our lives. Yeah
Is it and that do you what?
Uh, why?
Because because the the stereotype is because it's because of the weather it's just cold in russia
So everybody drinks like it seems a little oversimplified
Yeah, it's actually more than that
Yeah
How much more
Well, everyone everyone is grumpy and don't want to
Uh
Rage against something he's just want to drink up
Forget about things and
So it's it's it's it's sad there that is the is the implication there
Or is it just like with with america's rich tradition of like we have retail therapy
Like we would just go like when things are at their most culturally obtuse
We you would see us buying the most pants ever like cereal
There'd be nine different cereals and there's like a cg bear going like sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar smack
Uh
It's just like everything's just kind of crazy in a consumery way and in russia
It's like
At the at the at the height of I guess at the height of the cold war is what i'm describing like when we were like
Yeah, break dance got lots of velcro fuck russia
I got seven kinds of toast seven seven seven kinds of toast carmel
bacon
m&m skittles way way
um
Those sound like great toasts
This isn't there was more shit than you ever thought you needed like while we were like supposedly at
In a cold war and then and then russia was
At at that same height was like the average russian citizen was like
They spent all my money combating those glow-in-the-dark pretzel commercials
I'm gonna just sit here in my cubicle and drink
Because all of my money it goes to missiles and uh
Researching cinnamon toast crunch
See if we can find a weakness in in their plan
Yeah, we had no money back then basically
So you drink
Yeah, yeah, and then and then the kids watch the parents drink and then the everybody drinks you just drink
Something like that
What was new zealand doing during the cold war?
Hanging out
Just being chill you guys don't have any missiles. Do you have any missiles you could blow anyone up with apparently back in the
70s the joke was that
Uh, there were four people unemployed in the country and the prime minister knew them all by name
Apparently that's how it was
There were four unemployed people in the country and the prime minister knew them all by name
He's like, oh, yeah steve get a job steve
He tried
I brought me to staff fire. Oh, you're a fucking get a job toby
I know your mother
It's not it's not the country's problem
You're lazy
I've talked to your family
I'm tired of pulling strings for you
Yeah
So, yeah, not quite the cold war but around that time and uh, just such infrastructure and things we built so
That's awesome
Could you could you swim to australia from from uh, new zealand me personally?
Could anyone could a human being how big is it compared to like i think it's being done. I think it's being done. I'm not exactly sure
Well, probably not probably not gonna be a lot of sharks
No, I mean sharks would just eat you. They're too cold for sharks most of the time. Oh, yeah, but don't they do all that sort of stuff
With the cages and boats and people swimming the english channel and stuff like that. Yeah, well the english channel. Yeah
It's like it's it's just like it's just small enough that you can like set a record by doing some weird across it
Like it's not no one would ever think about doing it, but you can do it
I was wondering how that compares to probably a bit too far to go from new zealand to australia
And it would be about two hours flying time. So it's probably too far. Yeah, that's a long
That'd be like a day of swimming probably, right?
All right, are there spiders in uh, russia new zealand
spiders black widows
brown recluses they're red widows over there
Um, not sure about black widows, but spiders are everywhere
All right, so I'm gonna try we're gonna try something really specific here
All right, can you play can you play a rap beat? I don't have one, but I can beatbox
Well, I think zack might have a rap beat. So when I point when I point at you guys
This is your part of the rap. You don't have to don't panic. I can feel you panic
Okay
All you have to do Eugene is whenever I point at you you just say just say russia
That's all you have to do
And you just have to say new zealand. I forgot your name already
Matthew
What's Matthew Matthew? All right, Matthew you say new zealand when I when I point at you
Eugene you say russia. All right, and if you have a rap beat, okay
Yeah, yeah, oh, yeah
Yeah
Yeah, uh, yeah, yeah
Nation to nation which nation is best the ones in north south east or west i'm gonna compare nations and rap a bottom to you
Fuck your mama with a shoe. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Russia rushes the best fuck your mama all the ways to the west
Thank you
Yeah, yeah, Russia got Lenin's tomb but fuck your mama so hard she ruptured a womb. I'm sorry
Yeah
Yeah, fuck your mama up and down red square
Fuck your mama at the county fair
Fuck your mama outside of the Kremlin
Sold your mama's pussy like it was a gremlin
In a chinese shop of curiosities get them up
Don't get water on his back. He's gonna reproduce and then it'll attack. Don't feed him after midnight or they'll turn bad
New Zealand
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, new zealand
Is the place to be it's on the top of australia. You see you got less
Kangaroos up there because they can't make the hop and they got thick hair
Yo
New Zealand
Located atop the river Ganges the new zealand island is populated primarily by criminals
criminals
Russia alcohol
All located east of the river Ganges
Soviet Union for now known as Soviet public service
Taxes taxes no new taxes
New Zealand
Russia
Russia Russia
All right, yeah, okay, that's good enough. Yeah, we'll end there that bit
Thank you. Thank you Eugene and Matthew for our international guests
You guys can you guys can take a seat unless there's anything that
You you you you uh, you provided us with so much. Is there anything that while you're here you've traveled a long way
Yeah, I traveled to ask you one question. Oh, yeah, god. I can't believe we almost lost you
Um, yeah, yeah that slipped your mind
All my belongings if I back I saw Joel McHale in an illegal bit tart. I made it here
Uh, but then you did that rap and it was so funny and
See you later. All right. What's your question? You have the floor?
If you woke up
On a on an island one day and all you had is a cloning machine of
That could make instant clones of yourself. What would we do?
It's not because among the possibilities and among some of the necessities are you might have to eat yourself
Uh
And you might want to fuck yourself
My rate too and any of yourselves might want to kill you for fucking and eating you
Uh
Is the are the clones do they have my mind to all my memories?
Or are they just biologically me and they come out kind of like
New to the world and I get to teach them English or no, actually they uh
They're like complete uh corporate views and all my memories and so they just come out and go like oh, hey
I'm not a copy
Yeah, and there you go. Like yeah, you are you just came out of the copy machine
I'm like, okay. Well, so you needed a friend and I'm like, no, I'm hungry
Like you'd have to like, I mean, I'm assuming like you hide right by with a with a baseball bat
You just have this device like this two by four that would come down with a nail on it. You just make a mob grinder like a
Minecraft mob grinder. Yeah, just that you would hang the cloning machine over a pit of spikes
Just hang it hang it facing down
So that it is shot down
Like a kitchen faucet
And then there's two two early clones that you that you've
enslaved and hired to drag the corpses
And they know they get 20 of the corpses because you have
Pretended there's a bunch of you up there
By taking previous clones dead bodies and kind of puppeting them
And so they think there's a whole society up there and that they did something wrong
So and if they if they if they keep hauling corpses and cleaning and cooking them and passing the meat up through the dumb waiter
They get they get an arm
This is actually what that tv series the illusionist is about
Well, I mean can I ask what have you thought about this what you would do or is this such a question to make people sad?
Actually, I wanted to hear your version because I
Had something in on my mind like yes killing myself making a boat of my skin and bones. I went there
This is not the time or the place to judge people for the question is what would you do?
Not can you impress us with your lying?
Uh
Did you say you'd make weapons or clothes no boat boat boat boat. Oh up to get off the
Yeah
Meanwhile in portland and they're like
We got something out here and it's just this giant cured human flesh
cartilage crone and birdie and fucking
Vessel you're rowing a femur
My god, man
But but don't you think that you could make enough of you and then and then say huddle up everybody come on
We don't have any time you can get dressed in a second. Um
Here's the situation no food no water desert island just made a ton of mouths to feed
We got to split up. Let's fucking do this. Let's turn this place into miami
Like like get out there. I want to sharpen sharpen start sharpening sticks you hand the sharp sticks to him
You you get some wild boar. I want you to start punching grass and plants and see if any seeds come out that
Again, all my survivalist knowledge is based on minecraft
If you punch enough grass doesn't the seed come out that you can use to make food eventually punch one log then make a crafting table
But you could do you think or would that automatically?
It would be like no way because because the whole point of a biomass is that if it's gotten that big
It's because it was sustainable
Like there's no way you could drop 50 strangers on an island and expect
More than 20 of them to be alive three days later. Yeah, probably could you make 20?
Could you make like 20 of you and then be like, all right guys huddle up?
Listen, I know we don't have any food, but I'm gonna make one more of me and we're all gonna eat that one
Like
Would I feel like that could?
Yeah, that's a one-shot only like you make however many you make and then the cloning machine is broken or can you make?
food people
For lack of a better word
Actually, I thought about it like you can make as much as you like. Yeah
Oh, so you can eat a bunch of them. That's a meat machine
But I feel like I I would if I had a choice between
And I do in this hypothesis. I have a choice between making 20 of me and saying let's all
Let's all ritualistically eat into new people
Who are no different from any of us except that they're 21st. Yeah
They're late. It's just bad for morale. It's just like like like everyone's at the table
I'm like, is there are you gonna finish that toe? Uh, and they're like, this is great
Me is great and and and everyone's like, yeah, we're so lucky to be given this bounty
What do you guys want to do tomorrow? Well, let's press the button again and
Do this again and everyone who just have this kind of podcast over them where they're like like, well
What's the point whereas if you just take take things in your own hands and are like, I'm I'm a I'm a maniac
I I control this machine. I'm gonna control the food chain
I'm gonna position myself as like a god and create a new civilization underneath me
In which I don't have so that I don't have to deal with the psychological ramifications of life and death
I simply am somehow I'm past
Meat up
Like it's already cooked even I can't even recognize it. I'll start to convince myself
I'll just I'll bury the lip of the machine so that all I do is hit a button and I forget
I slowly forget that it's me coming out of it
And I and I just like every day I go to like a bamboo cabinet and I open it and a fresh steaming pile of me is
It's been
Delicately prepared by the best chef version of me because it just
Because I'm just I'm I'm Sumner redstone like I'm just like I don't even touch the things I control like I'm just like
There's just layers of fucking like metropolises down there
You
Sorry, you just compared yourself to this CEO of Viacom
Well, I'm just saying like if you're like like like like those guys like those they don't even know I get it
I don't know what's happening on comedy central. I'm talking to vh1 today. But yeah, what you're saying is
I don't know. I I guess it's I guess that's me. I'm just pressing a button
Yeah, I buried my machine underground. You could easily just like forget about it. I I believe I would hope so in a way
We have all done this
That bamboo cabinet is called America
That button's called your taxes
You're genius damn
Thank you Eugene congratulations and a successful pilgrimage
Oh
Everything all his steps in that backpack
I I mean this isn't hilarious, but you guys didn't go with what I would have done
Which I don't even know if this is a good idea
But some species of ants have evolved a way of surviving floods
By which they all formed together in a giant ant ball
And they slowly spin the water each person gets a turn to breathe. I think I might do that
All right other spencers listen up for a little while you're gonna be underwater
It's gonna suck but then we're gonna rotate but guess what if this doesn't work
I'm leaving a retainer clone to try something else
It's really funny when you picture them all as spencers anyway
All right, there's one give up. Okay, so here's what it's here's how it's gonna be and they're already
I know we all like breathing. Uh-huh. Yeah, uh-huh. Okay. Yeah
and then
The shot of all of the
Just completely solemn coming out of the
The diran diran rough boys video where they're like coming out of the water
Slash this water coming off the face like
Oh
And you leave behind one spencer who's on the shore like yeah, if this fucks up, I'll just make a bunch of new ones
We'll try plan bridge of humans
That's what I thought you were gonna say that ants like they kill themselves and lay down across the water and then other ants walk
Across their ant ball requires no sacrifices my friends
Ant ball ant ball speaking of arthropods, uh, just I want to
I want to cycle back around to spiders real quick
If you put you know how like you can see cat's eyes glowing in the dark
Spiders eyes do that too to a lesser extent if you put in a light right by your eye
So it's like right in line with your eye
So like if you take your phone and have the phone flashlight right up to your eye
And you look out into the darkness like in a bush you can see these little tiny
They almost just look like glitter among the among the shadows and those are spiders eyes. How do you?
I listen to podcasts bro. I know all sorts of shit. Have you tested it? Yeah, it's terrifying
Like don't don't actually do it you'll shit
I know we were talking about spiders once
I missed I missed it back then what do you think it what do you think it is about spiders that are so extra terrifying well humans actually
I actually the the racism
Psychologist that we talked to in Chicago was talking about humans actually have this evolutionary
Almost like a flashcard of snakes and spiders. That's like these are terrifying. Is it because they're venomous?
Yeah, probably just because stuff like that is a lot more instantaneous of a death
It's not like a coyote or something where you can learn tactics to combat it
I think that's got it that that was a that was a smooth plug
Very subtle it's it's true though. It's like there's a lot of animals
We can't actually just you know combat, but you can't punch a spider if a spider bites you once you're you're potentially dead
Yeah, I think that's that that probably is what it is for me
If you like or if you live with poison inside of you that you can it'll leave your body
Like if I if I knew that I could
put this on something if I knew that I
Poison inside of me and I could just be like hey, fuck you like it like in a bar fight like fuck you man
Like that's crazy power
All I have is like my like impotent rage like that's not
That's not that's not terrifying. You would you you would use poison?
I don't know man. It's almost that's my girl. Whatever
You're gonna fucking step to me. I'm full of poison. I got a reserve of it
It lives in me if I'm mad enough
It's out. That's what it's for. Do you know if you would ever use it?
I don't know. No, I well, I can't think of a situation in which I would
Use it recently. Well, you would have someone step to my girl. I think I think we all
Like you guys read aria in Hollywood you're dancing on a Saturday night with your girl like you are want to do and I know you
You're you got a real wide collar unbuttoned to the chest. You're dancing a dude comes up to you. He pretends like you're not even there
He's getting all up on your girl. You're bride-to-be dog
Now mind you you've got a you've got a reserve of poison that venom is like ready to what happens
Do you just go like hey, man? Maybe maybe like just maybe just go to a different table or do you go?
I just I wait well first I would go like oh
I better watch what erin does in the situation because this might be how I find out she doesn't love me
And then your poison stays put and you're just yeah, I mean why will far be it for me to poison this guy if he's he's he's
You know gonna be her new
New yeah, this is how they meet
I think that's what separates us from the snakes because snakes can't just like uber to carls jr. And like
You know got like a six dollar guacamole bacon burger go home
Well this venom would you be a bar rescue?
Would you be immune to your own venom?
Oh, you have to be okay. So like you could go up to someone who's like eating a sandwich and just spit poison on it and feel like
Hey, man, that's gonna kill you. Can I have that?
It's just all the free food you could just ruin people's days
It's all about you stealing people's free sandwiches. Oh, I poisoned your slurpee, bro
Hey, you can't drink that can I have it? Yeah, but you you know technically you can do that with your regular spit
Or regular non-excreted poison
Yeah, hey, that's not gross to me man. Can I have that?
Well, I feel like if you're a venomous creature you might get more of a pass
You know, yeah, it's like if you spin something people would be like they'd punch you but not if you were a venomous creature
But they still would they would punch you and like leave you at the side of like on a sidewalk
But they still wouldn't drink their slurpee. So you'd have a black eye, but then you'd also have like a large slurpee
With your name on it. Well, we just cut out the very complicated middleman of a very complex problem
So I'm glad did you see a hard target Jean-Claude Van Damme punches a snake in it
How does that go he grabs a snake?
It's gonna bite the woman and then he grabs it and then he holds it and he and the camera's over the snake's shoulder
As Jean-Claude Van Damme goes
And the snake passes out
He knocks it out
Like I gotta see it. I'm obsessed with the scene. Have you seen the beach with Leonardo DiCaprio?
No, he punches a shark in the face
And that and it's like the greatest thing I've ever seen because then there's a scene where he's telling
That story to a bunch of people on a beach as if as if they're like us watching the movie
And he's like and then I decided that I will not die tonight and everyone's like, yeah, I guess you punched a shark
Like they're like sort of impressed
Is that the scene because I remember seeing the trailer where I just see Leo DiCaprio going like this in the trailer
Like is that him's just demonstrating like hallucinating that his life is like a video game. It's not the best movie
I gotta see this thing. Yeah, you should probably see it
Isn't uh, what's his name from last action hero in that isn't there like an old crazy old man that's keeping him prisoner on the island or
Am I thinking of you might be thinking of last action hero or dr. Moreau or
Shutter island shutter. Well, not shutter island. I saw I saw that
Shutter island little steaming little surprise
in the theater
They love that little revealing shutter. Has everyone seen shutter island?
Yeah, I don't I mean, it's like it's it's the world's worst crying game
Yeah
I mean you would be you would
Yeah, are there are there movies that have a twist that big that make you go like
I'm not like that you get really excited about because sometimes I just feel like I don't like the people are fucking with me
But maybe I'm just too fragile. I don't think that's I mean our brains and our bodies are six million years old
There's no there's no such thing as like a there's twists and storytelling
But you can't just say at the end of a campfire story, but by the way this whole time they were in a hat
They were all really tiny and you're like
Yeah, I like you just took you the whole time I was telling you that bruce willis was hanging out with this kid
Guess why you is a ghost?
I didn't say anyone else could see him. What?
Check out a bunch of flashbacks motherfucker. What do you flashbacks? It's a campfire
Yeah, I think you gotta I mean so I mean make your movie however you want but
Shoo, I will
I'm gonna make my movie and there's gonna be so many twists gotta tell this old timer a story
For instance horns
Did you watch horns? I just watched horns
I drove past the theater that was playing horns 10 times and I feel like if I did it one more time
I would have gone in because that poster of old cutie little Daniel Radcliffe with horns
That's almost enough man. I don't even know what it's about. Why does he have horns? That's what it's about
Did he has horns? Yeah, and why and why yeah, did you see it? No
I watched it
What do you think? It's like, you know old crudit
because it's kind of
dry and
ashy
I
Supposed to be good for me, but it's just like from Albertsons
Like
Why are you trying to make me rethink how I think about morality when you don't even
Know what your movie's about
Like why why are we going straight to me having my definitions of good and bad subverted if
Like, you know, you know, I hate when crudit makes me think that
I don't know. I'm too old
I just I just watch these things now and I just I feel like just everyone's on my lawn
I just go like get off my lawn off my lawn
There's another movie to get off my lawn like I kind of like don't even consider
The their their goal to entertain me anymore. I got I just like go six dollars six dollars
Okay, what do we got here? What is this? He's fast. He's furious make up your mind
Like it's not for me and I kind of like therefore I'm kind of like it's like I actually don't I can't tell you in the old days
Like eight years ago. I would have been like horns. I'll tell you what I thought about horns
I'd be like angry about it because underneath that anger would be some supposition that it's possible to make a good movie or that
Or that or that, you know, like Robo cop was so great
Or you know, it's just like I'm just 41 and my back hurts and I'm kind of like I think all these movies suck
I think they've always sucked. I think everything has always sucked way more than we think like
And you're just catching some sucky shit when you're in a good mood
You're you're like, I'm 11. Star Wars is amazing
I mean, honestly, like you're not wrong, but also
Have you seen birdman? I haven't seen birdman. Yeah, I want to see that six people think it's dope
I saw the trailer for it and I was like, I don't think I'm gonna be able to handle watching that because it's just
Because Michael Keaton's too much for the average current movie going audience because he's too fucking good
It's too cool. He's back
If anyone if anyone in here doesn't think he's back
Who honestly by I don't I'm sorry to do this by a show of applause if anyone doesn't think he's back
Speak now
A weak applause that I will not dignify with a response. He's back. He's back. All right, Michael Keaton's back. He's back
I mean, it's just a real fucking treat to watch that guy for two hours after like a million years of not singing for two hours
You get you get him for two hours
I guess I have I guess I wasn't I didn't realize how that I hadn't seen Michael Keaton for a while
You you forget but then you see it in a movie theater and you realize like I've been watching a bunch of guys named
White guys named chris for like the last 10 years
Who the fuck are these guys?
A bunch of chris is with like cool hair or not. Paul rogan rick rick philbs
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like fripply cooper dude
Lauren burg north like oh my god. Lauren burg was really good flintoff effron zack bergen bergen bergen
A bunch of guys who have like cooler abs and they have faces and they like can't act their way out of a paper bag
And they're driving a cool car and you're like, I guess this is a cool movie. Fucking Keaton is here for you
here for you
And I'm not fucking around. It's like
People think I'm joking
Listen, listen, listen, listen, and I will I promise I'll shut up. It's your show. But guys
Beedlejuice does not appear in his own movie
for 50 minutes
50 minutes into Beedlejuice. He shows up for real earlier in the movie. He's like on a commercial on a tiny tv. He's like
50 minutes he comes in for real and takes the movie over
Nobody remembers that because he fucking owns it because he's Keaton
He's Keaton
Hey, I'll tell you something else
Gina Davis was an an an almost olympic archer
Did you know that? Oh, I know google it
Davis almost was in the olympics as an archer. She was almost olympic as an archer
She was in Beedlejuice and she had a sitcom where she played the president
And I have no opinion about any of that stuff
No, yeah, I don't think she's a good or bad person. I just think it's amazing
It was post post Gina Davis the actor
Yep, Gina Davis might have been representing the United States as an archer at the olympics
That's impressive to me because like to be good at more than one thing
It really alludes me because I might be good at one thing
Obviously, she's got to be a pretty shitty archer because how many people can possibly be trying out for that?
Since the invention of the gun
Hey, how many raise your hand if you can kill someone with a bow and arrow? See?
You could maim them like maybe draw a bunch of blood
You maim someone or you practiced archery?
I shot an arrow at a ren fair two years ago and I did not I did not come close to a target or I
I shot at a bale of hay and I missed
So
All right, we don't have an ending for the show because it's not because Spencer is a bad person
It's because we've grown over dependent on Dungeons and Dragons as a closer and yet the show has no structure anymore. There's no
The like like jeff's been on sabbatical for so long and uh, you know to ask you to keep writing these d&d
Uh adventurettes. I mean I wrote them, but yeah, I mean it's tough
It's a tough ass, but the show is got a it's got a Dungeons and Dragons addiction
I mean we we don't know how else to to to end the show. I feel like I know how ladies and gentlemen michael keith
Keep the applause. He's come check check. He's slower. It didn't work
But but honestly what if
What if it could happen man? It would blow minds and I know that
And that's amazing. That's only something keaton's back
Keaton's back man. I'm sorry dan. No, it's all right. Okay. Well, so I mean you were talking a bunch of
Where are you going with all that? No, I'm just some interesting talk. I'm just floundering. I'm just sharing my anxiety
I don't I don't script this show. I don't know if I if I prepared things. Do you think I'd talk about my dog?
Yeah, I think your dog is I'm not Bill Cosby. I haven't go. Oh my dog will be interesting
I'll do a tight 20 about that and fuck Bill Cosby
I don't know
Everybody look people are gonna start being okay when talking about fuck Bill Cosby
Yeah, I mean more than one person's weak applause
Yeah, people were way happier about Beetlejuice not showing up for 50 minutes and they were about talking about Bill Cosby
Nobody here knows him. He did it. Yeah, no, I mean, that's it
You're all wrong. You're all wrong
He's not actually your dad. He just played a dad on tv. It's okay. It's okay
Hey, Danny did it. I know I know I know I remember we all know
Let me let me let me just do it. Let me do a really sweet ass rap
Like like I won't but it doesn't necessarily it's not gonna close the show the rap. Just let me clear my head
but could it
Sorry, sorry
It's not my job. No, of course. My job is to flow to clear your head
This is serious shit. I don't know what I'm doing up here. Dan Harmon motherfuckers
Yeah, let him hear it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, bridge to the building sky to the street
Your mama's got feet
She uses them to walk
Cook your pussy like a walk
Chinese food
Your mama's in the mood
Chopsticks
Penises dicks
Falls butts
Dicks nuts
New york
Beat pork
Sucking dicks
Five six
Seven eight
Your mama's pussy on a plate
Break it down
Break it down break it down spencer. I'm breaking it down. Yeah
Like a sad clown
Because I'm stepping up the place with my jungle and balls and I'm screaming to the place from the walls to the walls. I don't know
Yeah
Give it to him. Dan. Yeah
Yo, electric signal
Mama's got a sigil
That's an arcane symbol
Fucked your mama with a thimble
Because my pinky's so small
Don't want her to poke it at all
So I protect it with a sewing piece of equipment
Yo
Save on shipment
Just hold on
Hold on
Yo, yo, yeah, yo, yo take it
Yeah
What up y'all?
Here we go. This is the part where the beat comes in
And now I'm about to begin. My name is Dave and I don't rap a lot
Yo, I'll smoke a little pot and that's cool. It's decriminalized
Girl, I'm between your thighs. That's cool
I'll rap about keaton
motherfucker jody sweeten
Coming back from a meth addiction
This shit is non-fiction. Google it. You can do it too. It's all
Oh, oh shit. Yeah
Oh, shit
You're gonna give it to him. You're gonna give it to him
Dan, Dan, Dan
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo, eat it. Yo, oh
Get on, get on it
Get on it, get on it
Yo, step to your mama's penis
Yo, yo
You're your mama in the parking lot. I put her face so hard. She was drippin' snot. That's it
Hey woman get into the car. I'm gonna take you to my house and I don't think it's far. I drive an uber
uber
I touched her boob because I'm sexually harassing and I'm in a stupor because I'm
Armenian and I'm driving around. I'm in a gypsy cab service and I'm running the town
I'm taking business away from the taxi service
Government getting nervous
Got to outlaw that shit. Philadelphia sees you. They will pull over it. It's gonna
Arrest your uber driving ass
I'll overtake a lift, get a pass, got the pink mustache going down the avenue
Uber driver what you gonna do
All right, let's just let's just use that to end the show because we don't know what else to do
I'll be I'll be more lively after I get married
All right, comptroller Dave Horowitz
Dungeon master co-conspirator Spencer Crittenden
For those enjoying us on a video stream, you want to thank Kevin Day and uh, I don't know who Kevin's new
New technical friend is. I gotta remember his name so we can thank him. He's the
Chris? Okay, Chris. Just Chris. If you see a guy named Chris, thank him for
Hooking up these cameras and keeping them out of your way
Uh
All right in the meltdown and everything. Okay, and god bless america and we'll see you. Uh, I don't think we'll
I have no idea when we're gonna see you again. I think two weeks two weeks probably two weeks from now
Okay, I'll see you with my wife
Oh
You